*Business Partner for Accourage (Chick-fil-A)

The business partner that can help Accourage online business get started and grow is Chick-fil-A. Chick-fil-A is a fast-food chain
business with over 1,900 locations spread across the U.S. this business makes a great partner for the Accourage online business, because 
it provides the relevant goods that Accourage seeks to deliver to customers. Chick-fil-A is a viable business partner because the food
chain business has already identified the need to have a convenient, speedy and reliable delivery service for its customers, and is
currently partnering with a post-mate competitor to deliver its products to customers in 1,100 of its locations. Therefore, Accourage 
should partner with Chick-fil-A and offer it a delivery service connectivity that will cover the rest of Chick-fil-A’s 800 store locations 
that lack access to such convenient delivery services. 

The partnership between Chick-fil-A and Accourage can be instrumentally beneficial to both businesses. On the one hand, Chick-fil-A’s 
business is negatively affected by the long customer waiting lines especially during the peak hours. The problem is especially significant
for the Chick-fil-A customers who have limited time for lunch and wants to grab a bite before resuming to the office. Therefore, the 
provision of a delivery service that can allow the fast-food chain to deliver customer orders to their offices or places of work would be 
highly beneficial to Chick-fil-A. On the other hand, Accourage is in the business of connecting businesses with their customers, through 
providing a fast and reliable delivery service. Thus, Accourage would serve the Chick-fil-A’s interest better, through providing the 
fast-food chain with connectivity to delivery services from around its 1,900 locations. The connectivity will then ensure that Chick-fil-A
is able to have its products delivered to its customers on demand and without delays, thus being able to sustain the customer loyalty and 
expand its business even more.
